/* New Muslim COurse 01 */

Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) was:  b. the final messenger of God 
To become a Muslim you must:  b. bear witness that there is no deity worthy of worship except Allah, and that Muhammad (peace be upon him) is His last and final messenger 

It should be clear that Jesus (peace be upon him) was:  b. a messenger of God 

Your conversion to Islam must be based on: c. knowledge of what Islam is 

Among the primary acts that invalidate the Ablution (wudhoo’) is:  passing wind

Ablution (wudhoo’) is:   . the basic means of entering the state of spirituality



Prayer (salaah) without ablution is: not accepted by God

If a person has accepted Islam around or during the fasting month of Ramadan, fasting becomes obligatory upon him: d. even if he has entered Islam a day before and doesn’t know too much about it. As long as he is physically able, there is an obligation to fast.


The life of a new Muslim:  e. is more vulnerable to the forces of evil, as this is just the first step towards Islam 

To feel pain is:  a protective component which God has put into our bodies to protect us from harm


For Friday prayer new Muslims should go to a Mosque:  a. where the sermon is in a language that they can understand


Seasonal acts of worship in Islam are:  fasting and the pilgrimage


If a person has accepted Islam and has wealth above the prescribed threshold, paying zakah is:  a. not an obligation on him until one year passes on it




One's actions: should be pleasing to God

Giving gifts to each other increases love amongst the people.  True 

The mosque represents the heart of the community. True

A new Muslim should keep a mentor:   until he becomes solid in Islam

The prerequisite of salaah (prayer) is: the state of ritual purity (tahaarah)

To think that life is just for fun is: a misunderstanding of what life is about

Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) was:  the final messenger of God 

If a person has accepted Islam around or during the fasting month of Ramadan, fasting becomes obligatory upon him:  d. even if he has entered Islam a day before and doesn’t know too much about it. As long as he is physically able, there is an obligation to fast. 

A New Muslim:  should not feel shy in seeking help from the Muslim community 

Eating pork is:  forbidden in Islam.

Qur’aan reading should be part of a new Muslims’ daily routine to stay in contact with the word of God and grow in faith.  True 

The mosque is a place where Muslims just pray their daily prayers.   False 

Hajj becomes an obligation upon a Muslim:  once he has the financial means and is physically able to perform it

Premarital relationships:   do not make the marriage any better

While doing a full body ritual bath (ghusl):  you need to make sure that water reaches every part of your body

In terms of dress code, for a male: the area from the shoulders to the knees should be covered 

In terms of the dress code for women, they should:  cover everything except for the face and hands 

The Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, said, "Even if you receive a prick from a thorn and you are patient with it, some of your sins will be removed for that."   True

It should be clear that Jesus (peace be upon him) was: a messenger of God

Talking while praying Salah is:  not allowed

If people from the center where a person has accepted Islam are not introducing him to the Imam (the head of the local mosque), then he should introduce himself.  True

The prayer begins with:   standing up and facing the qiblah 

Awrah means:  the private parts of the human body

As a Muslim, you will be required to pray:   five times a day 

Zakah is given to the: poor 

Monetary gifts act as paying people for accepting Islam, therefore they are not allowed.  . False

Hiding Islam:    is permissible if a person is weak.


The main purpose of the prayer is: to make you a better person

Islam encourages giving gifts.  True

If you are a female Muslim convert and your husband is not a Muslim, in Islam, the law is that:   c. you should restrain yourself from sexual relations with your husband until he becomes a Muslim and encourage him to accept Islam. Ultimately, if he refuses and rejects it, then it is better for you that you leave him.


If there are some sinful things from the past still connected to your present:  c. you must get rid of them after accepting Islam




Pairing new Muslims with a mentor:  b. helps them in learning about Islam faster, and more accurately 


It is important for new Muslims to get to know their local Imam (the head of the local mosque).  True


A prayer rug is a requirement for obligatory prayers.  False


Hijab:  a. is an identifying symbol for the Muslim female

The act of sexual relations:  nullifies the state of purification 

Another requirement of all Muslims is that we: 

A full body ritual bath (ghusl) is:  d. for your internal and external purification

A full body ritual bath (ghusl) is: e. not a requirement that needs to be done before becoming a Muslim

During which month is it obligatory to fast? the month of Ramadhan

Understand that God:  e. is the Creator and cannot become His creation in any form 

For new Muslims it is not important to get to know the people who attend the same mosque as them regularly.     False

As Muslims we  d. try to do everything that is pleasing to God, while on the other hand, we strive to avoid everything that is forbidden and prohibited by Him.

The prayers are made up of:  e. one, two, three, or four units


Islam teaches that Allah:  has neither a beginning nor an end

The human soul:  a. needs to be in communication with God and reflecting on God in order to achieve success

Fundamentally, Islam:   a. is the belief in One God, fasting, salah, and giving charity

New Muslims should:  a. not worry if they can't remember all the details of Salaah (prayer) at the start  

If one is away from the Kaabah:  a. just facing in its general direction will be sufficient




Intoxication is: d. prohibited in Islam. 

While standing in Salaah (Prayer) one should:  d. place the right hand over the left hand on their chest




In Islam:  d. you can’t follow fashion over modesty

A full body ritual bath (ghusl) is:  d. for your internal and external purification 


The Prophet, peace and blessings be upon him, said, "Even if you receive a prick from a thorn and you are patient with it, some of your sins will be removed for that."    True 


If you are a female Muslim convert and your husband is not a Muslim, in Islam, the law is that:   you should restrain yourself from sexual relations with your husband until he becomes a Muslim and encourage him to accept Islam. Ultimately, if he refuses and rejects it, then it is better for you that you leave him.  


Learning how to perform salaah (prayer) prior to becoming a Muslim is:  a. not a requirement

Among the major prohibitions in Islam:   are alcohol and interest.




/*------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

/*--------New Muslim 02---------------*/



Prayer is to be done facing qiblah, direction of:  b. Makkah. 

Properly covered according to the requirements of salaah, for men is:  at least shoulders to knees. 

Minor ablution is performed by:  d. washing of hands, mouth, nose, face, washing the arms to the elbows, wiping the head and the ears and washing the feet


Major ablution, ghusl, is needed(compulsory):  If a person had sexual relation


Ablution (wudoo’) is a _______ of salaah:   Prerequisite.

The Messenger of Allah (pbuh) said, “Surah al Ikhlas is equivalent to":  one-third of the Qur'an.

The path of those on whom is Allah’s blessing refers to the path of:  Prophet Muhammad

Worship of Allah means that:   we are devoted to Him.

The difference between Ar Rahman and Ar Raheem is:   Ar Rahmaan, His general mercy and Ar Raheem, His special mercy for the believers.

Before you begin to read or recite Quraan you should:  seek refuge in Allah from Satan.


Impermissible hair cuts include:  All of these

Trimming of the beard is:  Permissible

Dying the hair on the head is:  Permissible for both men and women 

In the case of females in Islam, circumcision is: Permissible

Extensions that women add to their hair that are clearly different to their own is:  Permissible



Using only toilet paper to cleanse is:  Allowed

The 1st principle of Toilet Manners is to:   Supplicate

You should neither face the qiblah (Mecca) or turn your back towards it when:   out in the open.

The two things that bring curses are when a person relieves himself in the:  Road and shade

To urinate sitting is:  Preferable




Smoking cigarettes is: Prohibited

Islam prohibits:  a man from touching those who he can marry and vice versa

If the dog licks the vessel that you are eating from, you should pour it out and clean the vessel:  seven times, one of the times you should use clean earth 

New reverts to Islam who accumulated interest:  Will be forgiven 

Included in the areas of forbidden things related to Islam are:  bungee jumping




Changing your name is:   Required if it contains shirk 

Prostration to idols if you are threatened is:  allowed if you’ve not accepted it in your heart

The weatherman telling you the future is:  allowed

Charm bracelets are:   shirk (associating partners with Allah)

Among act of association (shirk) is:   All of these





It will be considered bad manners andbad character to:  All of these


I am a Muslim therefore I am righteous: False

The essence of Islam is:  good dealing with god, humans and all around us 

Among the signs that tell us that this act is a sin is/are:  we feel discomfort in our heart

Prophet Muhammad (peace and blessing be upon him) said “Righteousness is:    good character




Suspicion is among the characteristics of bad manner:  true

One should never enter into suspicion:   true

You’re held accountable for a thought, even if you’re silent, you don’t talk about it: false

When there are three people, two among them should not speak to each other privately this includes speaking a different language:  true

Allah has prohibited suspicion in the Qur’an: true





We should only look at those who have more than us because of the good they are doing with it: true

Harmful envy is when we:   wish that they did not have it

A part of Muslim character is to avoid: all of these

We should try to remove envy from ourselves by looking to:  . those below us 

When we look those above us and what they possess, we say:   Mashallah






Among the things in which deception is allowed is/are:   All of these 

If you want to sell you are prohibited to say:  By God

Deception is opposed of in all forms, with the exception of:   Where good prevails 

Prophet Muhammad (peace and blessings be upon him) said, “Whoever cheats us is":  not of us

Prophet Muhammad (PBOH) even before the revelation came to him used to be referred to as:   Al-Ameen 



Wearing a face coverings called niqab is:   optional

A woman covers from head to toe, except for the: face and hands

Gold fillings in teeth are:  acceptable 

The principle behind prohibiting certain dress in Islam is:  showing off

The Prophet (PBOH) prohibited:   men to wear gold and silk



Islam forbids piercing in its totality:  false

The plucking of the eyebrows is:  prohibited in all cases 

In Islam, tattooing is:   prohibited

What should person do, if he comes into Islam with a tattoo:   any of these 

To remove hair from some other parts of the body, technically is:   allowed 


One eats with the:  right hand

We begin eating by saying:   Bismillaah  

Once we finish eating we say:   alhumdulilah.

When drinking we take it with the left hand and put the right hand underneath:    false

Eating with a knife and fork is:    acceptable




The goal of saying the declaration of faith out loud is to develop:  All of these 

Hajj develops a Universalist and humanist view where a person is conscious of all human beings as being a part of the same family:    true

Zakat is obligatory charity, where we take …………… from our surplus wealth that we have not used for a year and we give it to the poor:  2.5%

The moral character behind salah and all the preparation for it is:   consciousness of God  

Fasting primarily seeks to give us that sense of:  control.




Belief in the messengers of Allah:  All of these.

To believe in Allah is to:  know who He is.
  

God revealed his Books:   because we are in need of guidance

Belief in destiny is the belief that:   everything we do has already been written.

This does not comprise one of the six pillars of eemaan, belief in:   punishment of the grave. 




The first act of salaah is to   : say Allahu Akbar


Growing hair long for men is  : permissible 

If a person gives you salaams in the toilet, : to return it is something disliked and discouraged very strongly. 

The world around us are all our responsibilities, to benefit from, to maintain, and to protect :  true 

Once one enters Islam there is nothing that can take one out of it  : false

Wearing silk underwear is  :  acceptable if you have a need 

Surah al Ikhlas means  : chapter of sincerity

A good aspect in envy  :  has to do with building ones enthusiasm

The Messenger of Allah (peace and blessings be upon him) said, “He who does not recite...............is not credited with having observed the prayer.” :   surah Al-Fatiha


/*---pari nai vull ans dici---*/

Kissing a woman or man on the cheek is  : forbidden if one feels affection toward the other

While bowing(Rukoo) we say  :  ‘subhaana Rabbil al ‘Aala’, meaning ‘glory be to my Lord the Magnificent’ 3 times




Trimming of the moustache is  : Permitted only for health reasons

A good aspect in envy : none of these

Concerning good and evil we say :  good and evil can take place only if Allah permits
